everybody welcome back to Norton land
please abiding by Sanford plus some runs
you just ball out of control from the
get-go and this was one such run last
last run he had this run looks great as
well although I will admit I looked at
our items first it was like dope incubus
crystal balls decent HP then you look at
our stats three damage and 15 rate of
fire is pretty terrible JB DMS 4 a.m.
but I think it's too simplistic to just
be like well you have an incubus so your
damage and your rate of fire are
basically doubled because it's it's
harder to hit with Incubus than it is to
hit with your own tears and it's even
harder day with both of them so I
wouldn't say I mean the speed up is
actually quite nice I wouldn't say that
it compensates for it but it does
compensate forward to a degree one thing
for sure it gives us lots of future
potential because as far as I'm
concerned every tiers upgrade every
damage upgrade and every tier effect is
worth slightly more maybe even a lot
more as a result of having Incubus it's
one of my favorite items in the game
without a doubt however man we did not
need to come to this room
however we are just a little bit I
wouldn't say underpowered but not as
overpowered as you would think given
what we're starting with here for
starting with one of the better space
bar items in the game and one of the
better passive items in the game we're
not quite looking at this run like it's
a foregone conclusion that we're going
to win to be fair we started our last
run without that knowledge as well and
it you know starting to ball out of
control within like seconds you know
what we got monstros lung and I think
our first item room and then after that
we got mom's knife in our first deal
with the devil and it was just like it
was over but it can still go both ways
as all I'm trying to say and you've got
to admit dude man that is one angry fly
he's flying around here going like AE
you jerk ol want to use your signal
lights stop ordering so many things in
the deli line you know yes that's right
angry fly is me
all I ask the deli line is one thing
that's that's quality of life if you're
watching this you don't use your turn
signals you
you turn signals it doesn't mean that I
am a bigger man than you that you took
advice from another man just and you
might not even be a man in the first
place there's plenty of women who don't
use their turn signals either just use
you it's no reason not to use your turn
signals I
I don't think Vancouver is one of the
worst driving cities in the world but
it's definitely the worst I've ever
lived in traffic gets pretty bad
although not nearly as bad as Seattle
and people are jerks on the road
I still signal even though I talked to
people here and they go out on signal
because if I signal
someone's going to take the spot that I
was going to take when I was changing
lanes well then the onus is on them you
have made them into the jerk in this
situation and hopefully you can take at
least a great personal satisfaction in
that plus a much lower chance that
you'll actually die behind the wheel of
your automobile from getting you know
t-boned by somebody who doesn't know
you're coming anyway I digress
spider babby that's no good well it's
not very good at least and we're not
really well we haven't really gotten
stacked yet but this is what this floor
is for I mean we're killing it on spirit
hearts right now
why is it why I opened a video by
talking about driving dude oh you didn't
realize the whole point of my isaac
videos at this point is merely to slowly
but surely seed the weeding out of
things that I find annoying today it's
not using your signal lights trying to
think of what is going to be tomorrow
listening to music on public
transportation without using headphones
I mean what's wrong with you we live in
a civilized society or just use
headphones never in history has anyone
ever thought oh this song is so good I
bet everybody on the bus wants to hear
it and then right everybody just thinks
you're a jerk I'm trying to listen to
Paul Simon's magnum opus 1986 classic
Graceland you're over here you know
bumpin I don't know some trash music I
don't need to hear the next Kenny
Chesney song I have nothing against
Kenny Chesney it's just an assault on
the ears that I'm try
to listen to you know the boy in the
bubble I don't even know I'm almost out
of like mild I'm out of mild
inconveniences in my life at this point
I'm trying to think people who order at
a fast-food restaurant and then don't
move to the side after they order they
just stand at the machine waiting for
the server to tell them to move because
they don't understand how things work
okay I mean we're getting a little petty
once's we do know where our second
secret room is
since when does the wait that's our
regular secret room weird no it's not
that's our second secret room since when
does crystal ball or on shoes tell you
where the second secret room is I
thought neither of those gave you second
secret room I thought they only give you
the first secret room might be mistaken
tears office huge here and we're
actually like better than average tears
already a better than average starting
tears already and we'll just go down to
the next floor here so it's looking good
and multi-dimensional baby again it
stacks with Incubus in the sense that
you know we're firing more tears I'm
assuming when Incubus tears go through
multi-dimensional baby they become you
know augmented deus ex style whether
they do or not I think it's a it's a
positive get plus it gives us deal with
the devil president I'm still the jury I
mean the jury is not out on this I think
the most recent booster pack was
probably the best booster pack added a
lot of interesting items like the coupon
which I still have not used properly
telepathy which is amazing and edit
cetera et cetera
however okay so that doesn't give you
the man it must have been on suits they
gave us than that but the big thing for
like a super Isaac nerd level was the
fact that they changed the parameters
for deals with the angel so that you can
get different angel rooms and also
there's odd there's more variants that
have a tendency to be higher value as
well I didn't even see that dude there
the invisibility work
however Oh what have I done I don't know
if if we've really experienced the the
value of that yet golden bombs means we
go to town here um it's not that we have
not had good deals of the Angels just so
we've not seen them enough to really
draw conclusions about whether it's been
a meaningful change you know something
that more or less subtly impacts
something that only shows up like once
every 10 runs or something like that to
begin with it's hard to it's hard to
draw conclusions this early about how
it's actually changed you know it's only
been like two weeks since the booster
pack came out it'll take a little longer
to really understand the I just just
turn to purse runner to a penny so good
if you're wondering how I'm feeling
right now I just heard a poor throw run
into a penny but I got a smile on my
face because I'm feeling good it was a
very silly move though it did you know
nonetheless either way uh yeah so I mean
we're not going to see deals with the
angel on this run unless we get duality
we have given it our all if there's what
I wish there was a way to guarantee
deals of the angel that was more common
here's my problem with deals with the
angel if we're going to talk Isaac and
put everybody to sleep for a minute
deals in the angel are it's like the
crawlspace conundrum you know they're
not high-value enough to justify their
rarity right now you know crawlspace the
first twenty times you get a crawlspace
you go oh my god it's a free bit of
value and then you realize pretty soon
you know what's the highest chance
payout probably a trinket you don't care
about or like three cents or a chest
that has a troll bomb in it right you
just eventually you're like if it's not
a black market then a crawlspace
tends to not be worth much of a you
still always check deals with the angel
are still kind of like that but more
because they're just rare and even if
you do everything right to try to get
them to exist they don't always come to
fruition and that will be fine if you
know they so often paid out with such
amazing stuff that it made sense
to dilute the certainty of them showing
up but I almost wish like if you skipped
one deal with the devil you were
guaranteed deals with the angel because
it is or at least historically has been
suboptimal to skip deals with the devil
I don't think you'd get let me put it
this way if I was guaranteed deals with
the angel by skipping a deal with the
devil most of the time I would still if
I have the HP I would still take a bad
deal with the devil to get precedent
because the pool is more consistently
good however I might be I'm basing that
off anecdotal evidence of my own
personal you know pet cause here so that
might not actually hold true with it
with data but I still think they should
be more likely if you if you make the
effort to skip a deal with the devil I
think there should be a higher
percentage chance of you going for angel
rooms of you getting angel rooms I
should say either way and it has to be
one you deliberately skip it can't just
be one like oh I took damage and now
I've got deals with the angel because I
think that does maybe make it a little
too easy but regardless okay the runs
still completely fine still waiting on
you know the the run Buster did to tear
it wide open but it's fine we're getting
spirit arts fairly frequently we're
getting cards of some usefulness I'm
hoping we get some HP and we can make
this temperance card work on our arcade
and maybe get you know start to get a
chain get a little extra money we can
buy stuff in the shop get two blood bags
something like that but it's not an
immediate concern for us to make that
happen but and there are advantages even
early that was pretty bad but there are
advantages even early to having a only
spirit arts we can give in to this boss
Trap room without having to you know
pull anything anything funny here and
that was well worth it as you can tell
you can have no spirit or sorry have
only spirit arts so that you can get
into the boss trap room and pay for the
privilege to get a red heart that you
cannot use that is
the s the American dream right there
Cuba meet is just a godsend man just a
wonderful item the other change that
while there are many changes I guess but
the other very noticeable and welcomed
change in the most recent booster pack
was making it so that the waves here
actually give you one charge for every
single one that you complete very very
nice you know what very very nice for
making it a little easier to get value
out of your spirit hearts there sure we
didn't get maybe as much value out of
temperance as we would have liked but we
got value out of temperance and charity
or a chariot I should say which was not
guaranteed in advance it's an item
it's belong curse head we already know
where our secret rooms are but I'm not
going to turn out my nose at what is
essentially a free item spelunkers head
is not the best secret room enabler
because we still have to use bombs you
know what it does allow us to see the
second secret rooms at least which I'm
telling you dude
start giving me some eternal hearts and
I mean I'll probably trade them away -
the deal with the devil immediately but
still like it would be a nice gesture
you got to admit drove on down here
secret room gives us a bomb okay let me
use a bomb to get into our shop instead
of one key overall use another bomb here
we'll probably buy the item ok go
actually completely acceptable an item I
can't believe we didn't get hit there
but an item I quite enjoy and depending
on what kind of familiars we get as a
result of that it can be extremely
powerful as well
well unfortunately there's essentially
no way for us to allow come on what's it
what's the boy to do in that situation
there's no way for us to not give
ourselves a good chance of to deal with
the devil so we just have to hope that
we don't get a deal with the devil
and I guess I hope that that's lump of
coal and it's not crystal balls better
defensively and from a utility
standpoint you know this run is good by
the way based on the fact that we still
have two point nine six damage and I'm
not complaining that much I will start
to complain pretty quickly because this
you know these stats cannot stand
forever two point nine six damage does
not leave us with a lot of room for
error long term but short term we can
make it work especially with an orbital
and with Incubus like we're not totally
screwed but we really really need to amp
up our damage more so than our rate of
fire more so than our speed more so than
getting a new tier effects we need
damage ups mr. Dahle is good and dude we
lucked out for real on the on the
distribution of hearts that we got from
it and amazingly we're still on pace for
boss rush if we should like to go to it
but dude two point nine six damage this
many floors and is going to start to be
grading pretty soon to a club's all
right luckily like mr. Dahle essentially
nullified all the damage that we took
earlier on that floor so I'm feeling
good about that and we're still hoping
against hope that maybe you know the
gup-e dream could get started at some
point here we got to be able to devil
precedent perthro versus uh to a club so
it was pop to a clubs justice card okay
I mean slightly suboptimal to a clubs
usage but I digress secret room doesn't
really border a room were that
interested in it's just a mob trap room
this time
why I don't understand
we got a tears upgrade but our rate of
fire was honor no our rate of fire was
nine before it only became seven when we
got hit and a cup of milk spilled she
gives you a nice little tear delay bonus
but sadly of course not meaningful most
of the time hangman range up we do need
range ups we probably are good now but
we started with like nineteen range and
nineteen range is a little on the low
side for making sure that you can hit
things from across the map which is
pretty important for us right now
because of the fact that our that was
pretty bad the fact that our damage is
essentially non-existent oh I just punch
my microphone my apologies
five bombs remote detonator / throw 99
bombs okay this is actually sweet but I
feel like you know we keep asking mom
for a Playstation and you know she works
hard but she's coming home with like you
know one of those 99 and one consoles
from Canadian Tire or something like
that and like mom you don't understand I
know it's you
why would I pay $60 for one game when I
could pay ten dollars $4.99 but this is
actually worse than like all of them put
together so are that like good it's a
waste of my time you don't understand
it's like buying a hundred big wheels
instead of one Honda Civic it's not
going to give you what you need we're
asking for damage we're not getting
damage that's it that's why you we got
them you got the bombs you take a chance
on that and we probably don't need the
burnt penny anymore now we peep these
magic must up to five damage five and
five and change but to be honest with
you is not really exceptional but it
still it's a lot better and now we can
start to be happy again because like
five damage with Incubus with
multi-dimensional baby you know there's
good stuff to be said about that and
we're getting spirit hearts from crystal
balls so like life is good again I'm not
worried about boss rush it's always most
of the time at least on a daily I do
worry about boss rush but on runs like
this it's about pace kind of a tough
call because I like I like both of these
items jumper cable is newer so I'm going
to go for that but it is not too late
for there's options to be worth
something because we have bosses that
give us items up until like oh maybe we
can just run the math pretty quickly
right we have this floor it won't affect
the next floor and it will affect the
room 1 but it won't affect the room - so
15 cents to get a choice of items on to
boss rooms I still think that's if
you're not doing anything else with the
money I think it's fairly worth it but
jumper cables probably stands to give us
more benefit here crack Jax's is fine
and sure let's take a some spades with
the crystal ball and expect to have a
chance to teleport out of our boss rush
but curse of the blind boss rush is like
one of these days I got to learn my
lesson that it's not worth trying to
make curse of the blind boss rush work
so many times we try to you know finesse
that combo into existence and it's just
it tends to be terrible so if we can
teleport I will I'll consider it but
without being able to teleport
guaranteed probably say no to it but
again there's a good chance we can
teleport and we can so everything that
I've just said is completely for naught
as usual - more spirit hearts well worth
it probably not grossly interested in
our shop their current finances I don't
understand the concept of the bomb
judgment he almost always pays out with
bombs it's the weirdest value
proposition so I'm going to I need to
have a decent number of bombs to
consider playing it and then there's a
chance that he pays out with as many or
perhaps even slightly more bombs than I
gave him I don't this guy should pay out
thing other than bombs is there a more
band I would say this as somebody thinks
is one of the best games ever made is
there any reason to play this guy if you
don't have like I just can't tell when
you're supposed to play him do you play
when you have two bombs and hope to get
up to five you play what you have 99 and
then you're hoping to get you know like
a bomb synergy we got mama mega so no
who's the loser now
NL I'm going to use mama mega on this
floor just because I can
so again Don your blast shield for this
floor in this floor alone look at how
many tarot cards we got as a result of
this dude so I guess honestly I got what
I asked for I asked for a reason why you
would ever take this item and I
straight-up got one and now we can make
our shop worthwhile as well with two of
diamonds but I did get one because mama
mega is in many situations worth the
worth trying to finesse the game for
however I think that's also the first
time I've ever had mama mega payout
there so so we hermit and let me grab
the gyro rune and we will have to fight
those guys but I think it's only gonna
be like a turret ah no because we didn't
finish the room it might actually be the
full room but like if we can't kill a
full room on this run we don't deserve
our standing right now so we're going to
be completely okay in all likelihood
it's another hermit card which we should
take because apparently I didn't take
the last one which is very silly
it's popping the chariot out of
convenience more or less d-10 it's a
literal garbage item but kind of
interesting get dusted get dusted dude
multistage enemies you kill me here
you're diluting the usefulness of this
incredible mama mega pickup probably
should not have been yet there with
golden keys dude why not crack into it
these guys should be dead great news
nightlight is actually good converter I
mean I don't know let's use it once by a
spear at heart and then go to town here
what if we can get a luck upgrade I
can't remember I guess you can actually
get better angel chances by donating a
lot of money but it's still like by the
time that becomes useful in your run or
like likely in your run you're probably
past the point of being able to accept
angel rooms because you've already got
devil precedent which I believe
precludes it anyway all right mom get
roasted
take the polaroid take bottom-right item
just joking top left magneto wow what an
incredible turn of events Meg turn
nothing into Magneto that's the kind of
skill that pays the bills in this game
their battery charge no there is not
anyway I mean it's not I'm not
complaining it's so much worse than the
last run but who cares you know we're
here we're playing we're having a good
time
the only thing that bums me out is that
five damage even with Incubus is pretty
low like five damage in a seven rate of
fire by the womb I like to be out of the
range of items that we could have you
know when we a range of attributes that
we could have by the time we start a run
you know on a really really good run you
could start with seven rate of fire and
five damage as even at least I mean even
Judas starts a 10 rate of fire and for
damage that's not meaningfully that far
away
but Judas doesn't start with Incubus and
that's what pays the bills on these on
these even runs anyways these starts
that are a little bit suspect and yet
you know you try to and I mean even this
is madman but you try to grind for the
win instead of just taking the easy one
but if we've reached the point in which
I'm complaining about a run in as
Incubus and magic mushroom we're in kind
of a weird spot but I'm only complaining
because we only have Incubus in magic
mushroom we don't
mmm pyro admittedly we don't have too
much other great stuff but this should
be more than enough it's a weird spot
for that dude to spawn but far be it for
me to complain with 88 bombs we really
only have to do what we want to do for
the rest of this run up to the chest at
least I'm going to do every room that I
don't hate because every enemy that we
kill gets us you know one step closer to
getting crystal ball charged up and you
know over the course of this whole run
jumper cables could be worth like a
couple of
period hearts not to mention the mapping
it's not a particularly great
necessarily it could make the difference
although I am just saving the charge for
you know the chance to get mapping on
the next floor now this is where you
look at it and you go and maybe there's
options wasn't the worst call because we
don't really want a second level Cuba
Meade right now unfortunately of course
we have no idea what we would get if we
had taken those options anyway so no
deal either but anyway we're down to the
next floor Yammer gets saved for the
chest and we've got a seventy
sixty-seven percent chance for a deal
example I always think of seventy
because I always assume that we've got
some sort of bonus that's going to take
us to the next level but that's not
always the case you know I thought we
had like pentagram or something but that
might have been the last run as well
stuff it's tough because deep in my soul
I love the emperor card I also love the
black rune and I think the black rune
gets a little bit too little respect I
think it is almost as good as Yara I
think it has a I think it has a higher
or a comparable value expected value to
Yara but a more narrow range like Jarek
could give you eight awesome passes if
you're only able to take one Jarek could
give you eight awesome passives and
that's amazing or it could give you a
terrible actives and that's garbage
angry fly can use exactly the great
thing about black rune is that it it's
like a safety net if you get too many
terrible actives it turns them into
potentially okay passes so I really
really like black rune I think it was a
very positive addition to the game
anything that adds in like a decision
that has to be made I think is positive
like a meaningful decision that has to
be made and black ruin definitely fits
the bill plus I just love like
aggregating passive stats as much as
that might seem ridiculous like I don't
know how many times I've said it like in
RPGs I'm the dude who takes the you know
1% extra chance to get a critical hit
over the dude who takes you know I Slams
I'm the dude you're yelling at in dota
because you level stats that's not trial
level stats but I also haven't played
dota in like four years so I've been
playing a little not much which is
amazing for a MOBA but complained a
little heroes of the storm lately and I
got to admit I understand to some extent
why people that are like really into
League or dota look down on it because
it is like you don't buy items the games
are much shorter there's no last hitting
but like that casualization of MOBAs
it's got its hooks to me a little bit I
was like this is a distilled MOBA it is
it's less about preparation a little
less at least in my beginner level about
strategy but it still I like the MOBA
trappings that I kind of like so I in
it's a way like Kate's really into the
game right now I hesitate to use the a
word wouldn't necessarily say she's
addicted which is playing a lot of
here's this armor it's a way for us to
spend time together and if I'm like if I
can out myself as being like the most
low testosterone individual in history I
love playing support any game I love
playing support I think I if I have a
skill in video games which is debatable
it's like team awareness I can watch my
team and know at least allow me to
explain before this sounds like bravado
give a pretty good eye on the team and
know when you know oh this person needs
HP now okay they need the old because
they're going to rush
in there you know give them the give
them the uber charge you know it's from
playing a lot of medic in tf2 I suppose
but the the class at all these support
classes inherit from some extent but
mostly because I can't shoot I'm just
terrible at shooting or I don't know I
did like skill shots in dota like I
again may surprise you played a lot of
invoker in dota 2 had a great time as
invoker I know you're saying NL how is
it possible that someone with a
single-digit IQ could play in Volkers
quasi ex build easy easy money ok we can
stop talking dota now I think I'm past
the point where I mean for a DotA
relapse but I understand the pull of the
MOBA man that's the other thing that's
great about heroes of the storm is that
if you plant them again I'm not trying
to shield for Blizzard necessarily like
they're doing alright but if you want to
play like 10 games of a MOBA in one day
heroes of the storm allows you to do
that while also holding down a full-time
job so you know kudos to them for that
let's not make the same mistake we made
earlier in some bizarre twist of fate
this run is actually going to be faster
than our last one like we ignored the
hush fight but we have the chance to go
through with osh fight which we did not
have in our last I guess he spent a lot
of time like not really min maxing but
taking advantage of like arcades and
stuff like that that showed up so that
we could pop off like crazy but come on
dude
methinks the judgment does protest too
much Wow good kick good kick see you
give a judgement money and he usually
gives you not money
that's a transaction that I
fundamentally understand you give a bomb
beggar bombs and he gives you bombs or
eventually a bomb related item but do
you see what I'm getting at here it's
also highlighted the absurdity of
gambling to me to some extent because
you put money into the machine and then
you get money back or you don't it's not
an exchange of goods and services it's
literally I'm giving you money for money
what a bizarre concept that being said
65 on the canucks to win the Cup next
year one in a thousand odds I'm getting
that Tesla so Dean you can do it not the
other sedin though
now that lowlife peanut butter I'm
joking
Dennis pop okay lovers card nothing to
do the RHP should be under a million
percent fine we're just going to go back
and get that battery charge so we have
the immediate mapping for the next floor
we got lucky that jumper cable actually
did pay out with a charge in time for us
to use it we got the lovers card out of
it was worth zero but it was still worth
trying okay continue to get dusted Yun
Yair arun finally going to come to
fruition for us I feel this thing's
going to give me a spirit heart
I was then hoping would give me a luck
upgrade out of those pennies so I could
spin it into well you know it'll drop
the spirit art for us later as a result
of our newfound luck but no such luck
pop it there's our spirit heart can't
spin it though let's go let's go it
you're in the spirit heart that was very
lucky because I did not plan for that
okay whoa
come on babe you got to try to double
these bad boys she's done it so now we
have to seraphim's to little stevens
tool robo babies to Samson's chains
these are a rare and to be precise but
this is a rare collection of familiars
that actually warrant
doubling it's not amazing they're not
like the greatest doubling I've ever
experienced in my life but it's it's not
bad like crooked penny actually came
through pretty nicely for us here we
picked up like eight familiars on one
room that was pretty nasty but anyway I
would expect that to basically be the
end of new stuff on this run we don't
have an amazing luck stat or anything
along those lines so I wouldn't I mean
this run looks like it's going to be a
win fairly comfortably we never even
came close but it's a surprisingly like
not that powerful wind a7 rate of fire
and 5.32 luck on paper let me put it
this way you go down to the cosmo you
look at the odds i don't think they're
giving us great odds in this run right
now however it just goes to show you the
power of friendship you know
okay goes doing great stuff for us
Incubus is doing great stuff for us and
mysterious baby it's doing what it can
and this is holding us up in this in
this run in which statistically we're
probably a little bit underpowered so I
would love to kill lust last yeah it was
like it's just not conceivable in all
likelihood we may never get another
chance to use crooked panty but even if
we don't it did what it could when it
could and that's what matters two point
three to luck is usually good for like
an item drop but you know it's a
variable chance so we could get six item
drops in our next six rooms or we can
get zero both of them are are somewhat
within the realm of plausibility the
only one that's confusing me as peepers
I owe no we definitely have to peepers
eyes going around all right so first
swallowed penny play did not come across
the way I wanted but you know what at
least it doubled everything else for us
on the room that actually was huge
farting up one regular chest doesn't
matter to me as much I mean I'm self
flagellation will come later it's always
time for that look at this room let's go
what kind of person would I be I think
it let's get it out of the way we don't
have that many keys so I'm going to open
these ones
none of these are that useful right now
I'm going to hedge my bets and open
these ones as well
mr. mega is pretty good and we should
just take static tears because those are
cool everything else we can afford to
lose so we should double
and then we'll open like another two
here and just see how it looks
why not let's get weird with it okay
everything else you can afford to lose
so let's double he's done it we don't
have any more keys at this point so we
might as well just crack into him dude
okay this is actually madness let me out
of this crazy place I can't believe that
worked
I mean we don't have the keys to make it
really work we just created like a 32
items second secret room that's a rarity
so you know what this run add a little
something going for it in the end it's a
very strange array of tiers to finish
this one off alright maybe we should
just shoot straight I was trying to get
like some cool technology zero tears
going but I'm not sure how well as
working out tech zero I'm still trying
to solve I haven't figured that item
completely out yet either way not bombs
or key so we're out of here
cool finish of this run thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed it if you did
click the like button upside a great
deal of course subscribe be honest you
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I will see you next
time